---
description: Driving from Connecticut to Colorado
date: 2021-08-08
places: 
draft: false
title: 8.7.2021 - 8.8.2021 (2021 Roadtrip)
---
- Our first day’s drive was about 8 hours from Connecticut to Columbus, OH. It was both of our longest car rides at the time and it was the first of our many 8+ hour drives. 
* The beginning of this drive was stressful, windy, rainy and deers everywhere. After the NY thruway however, Pennsylvania was a breeze. Rolling hills, mountains, and finally corn. As we got closer to Ohio the landscape slowly evened out.
* First Hotel in Columbus, OH
* The first night we stayed at a Motel 6 in Columbus, OH.
* Columbus, OH to Kansas City, MO (8/8)
* We were starting to get a glimpse of what most of the country looks like as we headed towards Kansas City, flat, and a lot of corn. I mean that’s pretty much driving from Columbus to Kansas City on I-74/I-72. The only other thing was passing through Indianapolis (not much) and Springfield Illinois as we decided to avoid I-70 through St. Louis.
* Our hotel we had booked was in Liberty, MO the drive time was around 11-12 hours. When we got to the “Hotel” we were very confused if we were at the right place. There were families dressed nicely and touring the Winery and the very old brick building. We walked in looking for the check-in and were greeted with high ceilings and a bar where there were a handful of people in. We figured we would just ask the bartender where the hotel was and he handed us our keys. “For Jarrod?”. “Yahhh...” The bartender (who we later found out was the owner of the place), let us know where our room was and we followed his directions and made our way to our room. We noticed then that there were only 4 or 5 rooms and we were probably the only people staying there. It definitely was weird but the place was really nice and we figured we scored a great price on a fancy hotel. We got to the hotel, cleansed, and as Taya was showering I noticed a journal on the desk. It was a notebook with reviews from previous stays. I started to flip through it and saw this: *Picture of Book*. Of course somehow we picked the haunted hotel to stay in for the night… I was not having it. For one we were very tired, and also, I am not one for haunted houses and halloween activities. All we wanted to do was have a nice quiet place to sleep and found a place where we were going to be messed around with all night tricked into thinking we were in a haunted house. If you are one for Haunted Houses here is the link to stay here lol. *Link for Belvoire Winery*. So we quickly decided to just take the loss on the hotel, leave immediately, and book a last second hotel. So we left our hotel at around 7:00 and headed our way closer to Kansas City at a normal chain hotel that was actually really nice. We both called our parents to tell them what happened and read reviews of the hotel in the hotel lobby. We couldn’t find one review about the Haunted House part until about half way scrolling through all the review on Expedia. We agreed for the rest of the trip to READ MORE REVIEWS (please also do that if you don’t want bad experiences). Going to sleep that night was so satisfying and it felt so good to relax).